added product group and other contacts (#444)
BCDevOps/devops-requests: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/annotation_update.md

- [ ] Product Owner
- [ ] Technical Steward
- [ ] Security Contacts

> - [ ] Other Critical Contacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Other Critical Contacts (contact info for other stakeholders such as members of IMB, Architecture, Privacy, etc groups that are interested in receiving comms related to this project sets.
```

> - [ ] Product Group (a label used to group together OpenShift Project Sets that serve as one product in general. This should be self-identified within your organization/ministry/branch/team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Product Group (an optional label that can be used to group together OpenShift Project Sets that share a business function (e.g. Platform Services project sets are labeled as part of "Platform Services" product group.  The value for this label should be determined by the organization/ministry/branch/team that owns the Project Set)
```
